hi I'm Tom Nelson host of dead dawn
winds American Archer TV program today
I'm gonna talk to you a little bit about
a problem that well if you're Boehner
I'm sure you've had this arise at least
once or twice in this situation we have
a squared off corn and bean field here
when I say squared off it's a square
field surrounded by woods generally when
you're hooking up your tree stand you
hook it up for the prevailing wind which
in this case is generally a west wind if
the wind changes let's say if the switch
is completely around and I get an east
wind it's gonna alert any deer to my
presence if I'm sitting in here so it's
problematic you can do a few things one
if you're rich you have a lot of tree
stands you can spread them out around
the field so that you're protected
you're ready when I say protected you
you're safe to hunt it as far as any
wind conditions you can quickly move to
another stand location but most of us
aren't fortunate to have multiple tree
stands we just can't afford to have a
dozen tree stand scattered throughout
the property hunt that's the beauty of
the tree stand buddy and that's why I
use it the tree stand body is a bracket
that easily attaches to the tree itself
you can go around your hunting area and
prep it by placing multiple tree stand
buddies in stand locations so that
you're you're ready if you have a wind
switch out of the south I can take my
tree stand quickly move to the south end
of the property hang it back up right
there in seconds same goes if it's
east-west whatever for a fraction of the
price of owning multiple tree stands I
can spread out tree stand buddies
throughout my property so I'm good to go
for any wind direction no matter what
simple fast they're easy to put in place
I just prep the stand location hang my
tree stand buddy and I'm ready to go the
other thing that I really like about
this is when I'm traveling they're easy
to take with me and to visually other
hunters people aren't going to see your
Stan locations people and leave in a
tree stand out there I don't have to
tell you often times like leaving a
couple hundred dollars hanging out there
in a tree I'd like to say that all bow
hunters anybody afield are good honest
folks but there are a few people that
can give us a black eye
would grab your tree stand and scamper
off with it in a minute by using the
tree stand buddy first of all you're not
giving away your location to other
hunters which is a key to being a you
know a stealthy hunter and then - you're
not leaving that $200 tree stand hanging
out there for anybody to grab be a more
efficient bow hunter utilized the tree
stand buddy this fall